README.md, before:

# Offline DRGR
This project is based on [Deep Reinforcement learning based Group Recommender system.](https://github.com/recohut/S758139)

It adds an offline class and modifies the main train loop to refister performance in [Weight and Bias](https://wandb.ai/site).

## SET UP THE ENVIRONMENT

This repo has been worked with a [conda environment](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/) which can be imported with a yml file : 

```
conda env create -f environment.yml
```
And then can be activated with

```
conda activate recsys
```
## RUN EXPERIMENTS

You can run experiments either with the main 

```
cd drgr
python main.py
```
or with the `run.py` file that just call the main several times (if you want to run many experiments with many seeds)
```
cd drgr
python run.py
```
If you work a remote VM (eg RDCCAA VM) you can let the code run using [tmux](https://github.com/tmux/tmux/wiki).
```
tmux
#run your command to run experiements
#detach session with ctr+b-ctr+d
#exit and if you want to relog in
tmux attach -t0 # or t_number_of_session
```

# DRGR

DRGR: Deep Reinforcement learning based Group Recommender system.

A course project for Georgia
Tech [CSE 6240 Web Search and Text Mining](https://www.cc.gatech.edu/~srijan/teaching/cse6240/spring2021/) Spring 2021.

The [project report](https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.06900) is available on arXiv.

## Environment Settings

- python version: '3.7.10'
- pytorch version:  '1.8.1'

## Dataset

The original MovieLens dataset can be downloaded from [MovieLens](https://grouplens.org/datasets/movielens/), and the
one we use is [MovieLens 1M Dataset](https://files.grouplens.org/datasets/movielens/ml-1m.zip). You can generate the
group data `MovieLens-Rand` by using `data/MovieLens-1M.zip` and `drgr/generator.py`. (See "Run the DRGR".)

The `data/MovieLens-Rand` directory should include the following files:

movies.dat:

* Movie information file from MovieLens-1M.

users.dat:

* User information file from MovieLens-1M.

groupMember.dat:

* File including group members.
* Each line is a group instance: groupID userID1,userID2,...

group(user)RatingTrain.dat:

* Train file.
* Each line is a training instance: groupID(userID) itemID rating timestamp

group(user)RatingVal(Test).dat:

* group (user) validation (test) file (positive instances).
* Each line is a validation (test) instance: groupID(userID) itemID rating timestamp

group(user)RatingVal(Test)Negative.dat:

* group (user) validation (test) file (negative instances).
* Each line corresponds to the line of group(user)RatingVal(Test).dat, containing 100 negative samples.
* Each line is in the format: (groupID(userID),itemID) negativeItemID1 negativeItemID2 ...

## Run the DRGR

Change to the code directory (if not in):

```
cd drgr
```

Generate the group data from the MovieLens-1M dataset (`data/MovieLens-1M.zip`):

```
python generator.py
```

Run the DRGR:

```
python main.py
```

## Parameters

We put all parameters in `config.py`.

## References

During the code implementation, we reference the following repositories and articles:

* AGREE: https://github.com/LianHaiMiao/Attentive-Group-Recommendation
* LIRD: https://github.com/egipcy/LIRD
* Recsys-RL: https://github.com/shashist/recsys-rl
* GroupIM: https://github.com/CrowdDynamicsLab/GroupIM
* Deep Deterministic Policy Gradients
  Explained: https://towardsdatascience.com/deep-deterministic-policy-gradients-explained-2d94655a9b7b

Commit message:

add info for config.py

README.md, after:

# Offline DRGR
This project is based on [Deep Reinforcement learning based Group Recommender system.](https://github.com/recohut/S758139)

It adds an offline class and modifies the main train loop to refister performance in [Weight and Bias](https://wandb.ai/site).

## SET UP THE ENVIRONMENT

This repo has been worked with a [conda environment](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/) which can be imported with a yml file : 

```
conda env create -f environment.yml
```
And then can be activated with

```
conda activate recsys
```
## RUN EXPERIMENTS

You can run experiments either with the main 

```
cd drgr
```
Generate data from Movielens 
```
python generator.py
```
Run deploy 

(you can change the hyperparameters for the model and the pipeline in the `drgr/config.py` file)
```
python main.py
```
or with the `run.py` file that just call the main several times (if you want to run many experiments with many seeds)
```
cd drgr
python run.py
```
If you work a remote VM (eg RDCCAA VM) you can let the code run using [tmux](https://github.com/tmux/tmux/wiki).
```
tmux
#run your command to run experiements
#detach session with ctr+b-ctr+d
#exit and if you want to relog in
tmux attach -t0 # or t_number_of_session
```

# DRGR

DRGR: Deep Reinforcement learning based Group Recommender system.

A course project for Georgia
Tech [CSE 6240 Web Search and Text Mining](https://www.cc.gatech.edu/~srijan/teaching/cse6240/spring2021/) Spring 2021.

The [project report](https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.06900) is available on arXiv.

## Environment Settings

- python version: '3.7.10'
- pytorch version:  '1.8.1'

## Dataset

The original MovieLens dataset can be downloaded from [MovieLens](https://grouplens.org/datasets/movielens/), and the
one we use is [MovieLens 1M Dataset](https://files.grouplens.org/datasets/movielens/ml-1m.zip). You can generate the
group data `MovieLens-Rand` by using `data/MovieLens-1M.zip` and `drgr/generator.py`. (See "Run the DRGR".)

The `data/MovieLens-Rand` directory should include the following files:

movies.dat:

* Movie information file from MovieLens-1M.

users.dat:

* User information file from MovieLens-1M.

groupMember.dat:

* File including group members.
* Each line is a group instance: groupID userID1,userID2,...

group(user)RatingTrain.dat:

* Train file.
* Each line is a training instance: groupID(userID) itemID rating timestamp

group(user)RatingVal(Test).dat:

* group (user) validation (test) file (positive instances).
* Each line is a validation (test) instance: groupID(userID) itemID rating timestamp

group(user)RatingVal(Test)Negative.dat:

* group (user) validation (test) file (negative instances).
* Each line corresponds to the line of group(user)RatingVal(Test).dat, containing 100 negative samples.
* Each line is in the format: (groupID(userID),itemID) negativeItemID1 negativeItemID2 ...

## Run the DRGR

Change to the code directory (if not in):

```
cd drgr
```

Generate the group data from the MovieLens-1M dataset (`data/MovieLens-1M.zip`):

```
python generator.py
```

Run the DRGR:

```
python main.py
```

## Parameters

We put all parameters in `config.py`.

## References

During the code implementation, we reference the following repositories and articles:

* AGREE: https://github.com/LianHaiMiao/Attentive-Group-Recommendation
* LIRD: https://github.com/egipcy/LIRD
* Recsys-RL: https://github.com/shashist/recsys-rl
* GroupIM: https://github.com/CrowdDynamicsLab/GroupIM
* Deep Deterministic Policy Gradients
  Explained: https://towardsdatascience.com/deep-deterministic-policy-gradients-explained-2d94655a9b7b
